Fix samples browser (#1631)
Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo: samples/private-endpoint/README.md

---
name: ChatGPT + Enterprise data + private endpoints

> description: Disable public access to this Chat App with environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Configure access to a RAG chat app so that it's only accessible from private endpoints.
```

languages:
- python
- typescript
- bicep
- azdeveloper
products:
- azure-openai
- azure-cognitive-search
- azure-app-service
- azure
page_type: sample
urlFragment: azure-search-openai-demo-private-access
---
# Deploying with private access

> 

Reviewer: Possible first paragraph for this one:

"The [azure-search-openai-demo](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo/) project can set up a full RAG chat app on Azure AI Search and OpenAI so that you can chat on custom data, like internal enterprise data or domain-specific knowledge sets. For full instructions on setting up the project, consult the [main README], and then return here for detailed instructions on configuring private endpoints."
